[DX-1520] Add explanation to the use of catalogue and catalog (#5084)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/tyk-apis/tyk-portal-api/portal-documentation.md

---
date: 2017-03-27T12:28:24+01:00
title: API Publishing Endpoints

> description: "Descript the endpoint API admin or owner can use to publishing their API in the developer portal"

Author: ```suggestion
description: "This page details the API endpoint used for publishing APIs to Tyk classic Dev Portal. API platform teams and API owners can use this endpoint to integrate their APIs, making them visible and accessible to developers."```
